readme.md, before:

# Panda Theme for Terminal.app

![Panda terminal theme screenshot](http://joeleisner.com/github/screenshots/panda-terminal/screenshot-retina.png)

This is my personal Terminal.app profile (color scheme) for OS X based on the [Panda syntax theme for Atom](https://github.com/siamak/atom-panda-syntax) by [@siamak](https://github.com/siamak). From my understanding, a theme set-up exactly like this doesn't exist, so it's come together over time and now it's available here!

## Usage
1. Download this repo.
2. Open up Terminal, go to **Preferences**, then **Profiles**.
3. In the bottom left, click the settings cog and select **Import**.
4. Navigate to the download file and open it.
5. Lastly, set it as your default by selecting the new profile and click the **Default** button.

## Terminal Prompt
If you liked my minimalistic terminal prompt, check out my `.bash_profile` in my [joeleisner/config](https://github.com/joeleisner/config) repo.

## Typography
The typeface used in the screenshot is **Fira Mono**, and can be found at the [mozilla/Fira](https://github.com/mozilla/Fira) repo.

## License
This terminal theme was built by me @joeleisner, and is licensed MIT.

Commit message:

Updated the readme.md to include a new screenshot utilizing the cli-theme-test tool and how/where to get it 🔑

readme.md, after:

# Panda Theme for Terminal.app

![Panda terminal theme screenshot](http://joeleisner.com/github/screenshots/panda-terminal/screenshot-retina-v2.png)

This is my personal Terminal.app profile (color scheme) for OS X based on the [Panda syntax theme for Atom](https://github.com/siamak/atom-panda-syntax) by [@siamak](https://github.com/siamak). From my understanding, a theme set-up exactly like this doesn't exist, so it's come together over time and now it's available here!

## Usage
1. Download this repo.
2. Open up Terminal, go to **Preferences**, then **Profiles**.
3. In the bottom left, click the settings cog and select **Import**.
4. Navigate to the download file and open it.
5. Lastly, set it as your default by selecting the new profile and click the **Default** button.

## CLI Theme Test
If you'd like to test out your themes in one command (like in the screenshot), check out my CLI Theme Test tool at [joeleisner/cli-theme-test](https://github.com/joeleisner/cli-theme-test).

## Terminal Prompt
If you liked my minimalistic terminal prompt, check out my `.bash_profile` at [joeleisner/config](https://github.com/joeleisner/config).

## Typography
The typeface used in the screenshot is **Fira Mono**, and can be found at [mozilla/Fira](https://github.com/mozilla/Fira).

## License
This terminal theme was built by me @joeleisner, and is licensed MIT.
